Now, this exercise actually consists of various parts.
Let's move down to the first task.
Let's shortly stop here.
Now in the last exercise,
you concentrated on image key points.
By now, you should have a large variety of detectors available,
those which are listed here.
Once you have those key points,
what I would like you to do first in this exercise is
limit the key points to immediately preceding vehicle.
The problem is that,
if you are looking at all the key points in the entire image,
you will lose the focus on the details which are of relevance to us.
As we are focusing on building a collision avoidance system in the MidTermProject,
we are not interested in key points located on the road surface,
or on a tree, or an overhead bridge.
It's simply not of interest to us.
We want to evaluate the detectors and descriptors based
on their ability to detect key points on vehicles,
and this is why we will be focusing only on the immediately preceding vehicle.
By using this rectangle here,
which I have predefined for you,
we are roughly focusing on the preceding vehicle.
It's not a perfect boundary,
but it's basically a space in which the vehicle moves when progressing from
image zero to image nine in the small sequence we're observing in the MidTerm project.
Now, here's the place to implement this code.
Once you have completed those,
let's move on to the next part which is located here.
It's extract key point descriptors,
and here is the space in which the assignment should be performed.
So we already have a descriptor called risk,
which is already implemented,
and your job now is to add other descriptors which are brief,
orb, freak, akaze, and sift.
This is done in the descKeypoints functioning.
Your descKeypoints is located in matching2D_Student.cpp.
Let's take a look here.
Let's scroll down below.
Here we are, descKeypoints is here,
and what you already see is that by supplying the descriptor type string,
we have a branching structure here which looks at the string,
looks if it's equal to brisk.
If that is the case,
we are preparing the extractor structure by use by
OpenCV to pre-loaded with parameters suited for the brisk descriptor.
Now, this structure here,
it's a pointer to a generic descriptor extractors structure here,
it's a template pointer.
This is quite useful for us,
as we do not have to change this data structure here.
When you are adding the other descriptors here in this part of the code,
we can simply call the respective data structures for the other descriptors,
and leave this one alone to be called upon
later when we come to the compute part of everything.
So that's the second task.
The second exercise in this part here, implement those descriptors.
Now the next thing, let's move back to the MidTermProject file here, the main file.
Once you have computed the key points,
we are progressing to this section here,
which is only entered once we have a data buffer of size two or larger.
Once we are in here,
we are performing the actual matching.
Matching can be configured by using brute-force matching,
by using FLANN-based matching.
You have to tell the system whether you have a binary descriptor or a descriptor based
on histogram of oriented gradients and thus, a floating-point descriptor.
You can also choose the selector type,
which is nearest neighbors versus k-nearest neighbors,
and your tasks 5 and 6.
The first one is to add FLANN-based matching in this file here,
and once you have completed that at k-nearest neighbor match selection,
and once this is finished,
implement the descriptor distance ratio filtering with a threshold set to 0.8.
Let's jump into matching2D_students.cpp to see what you are supposed to do.
So here in matching2D_student.cpp,
we have the function mesh descriptors,
which already has brute-force matching implemented using the hamming norm,
and by applying this command here,
you are doing the same thing as with the detected earlier on.
We have a generic pointer structure to a descriptor metro type in the OpenCV and here,
you are simply calling on
the brute-force matching method which
then prepares this structure to meet brute-force matching.
Here's the first task in this exercise at
FLANN-based matching with a similar call as you have seen it here.
Look carefully in the implementation of FLANN,
and also look up some examples on the Internet because there's
one specialty with FLANN-based matching when it comes to binary descriptors.
You have to make one special thing in the current implementation of OpenCV,
which is at the time of recording 4.0.1.
Take care of the data type you are inputting into the FLANN-based matching function.
Once this is done correctly,
we are progressing to the second part which is selecting nearest neighbor matching,
which is already implemented.
Your job is now to add k-nearest neighbor matching with K set to two,
so that for each keypoint in one frame,
you get the two best matches in the second keyframe.
Once this is done, what you have to do in the remaining part of this function here,
implement the descriptor distance ratio test which compares those two best matches,
and only select those which have a threshold which is higher than 0.8.
So that's about it, what you are supposed to do in this task of the MidTermProject.